README.md, before:

# Navya Devineni

## Current
Currently, I'm in the final semester of my Master's, majoring in Applied Computer Science. I'm having Graduate Directed Project and Big Data this semester.

## Background
I am from India. Completed my Bachelor's degree majoring in Electronics and Communication Engineering in India. I worked as a Java Developer at CMOS Research Labs in India. My hobbies are photography, music.

## Plans
In the future, I would like to pursue my career in Salesforce company.  It's a CRM based company that brings customers and companies together. Recently, I completed 3 certifications related to Salesforce skills and focusing on learning more tools related to Salesforce.

## Skills
If you would like to know what skills I gained while learning, here's an image --> ![Skills](https://github.com/navyadevineni/big-data-dev/blob/main/SkillesSS.png)
 
Something interesting about me is, I am a ranger in the salesforce community. 
![Ranger](https://github.com/navyadevineni/big-data-dev/blob/main/RangerSS.png)


## Links
You can check my profile here: [Trailblazer](https://trailblazer.me/id/navyadevineni)

My LinkedIn profile: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/navya-devineni-486373105/)

Commit message:

Added a link in the repos section

README.md, after:

# Navya Devineni

## Current
Currently, I'm in the final semester of my Master's, majoring in Applied Computer Science. I'm having Graduate Directed Project and Big Data this semester.

## Background
I am from India. Completed my Bachelor's degree majoring in Electronics and Communication Engineering in India. I worked as a Java Developer at CMOS Research Labs in India. My hobbies are photography, music.

## Plans
In the future, I would like to pursue my career in Salesforce company.  It's a CRM based company that brings customers and companies together. Recently, I completed 3 certifications related to Salesforce skills and focusing on learning more tools related to Salesforce.

## Skills
If you would like to know what skills I gained while learning Salesforce are: here's an image --> ![Skills](https://github.com/navyadevineni/big-data-dev/blob/main/SkillesSS.png)
 
Something interesting about me is, I am a ranger in the salesforce community. 
![Ranger](https://github.com/navyadevineni/big-data-dev/blob/main/RangerSS.png)

## My Git repos related to Big Data
- [Shell data processing commands](https://github.com/navyadevineni/big-data-shell-commands)



## Links
- You can check my profile here: [Trailblazer](https://trailblazer.me/id/navyadevineni)

- My LinkedIn profile: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/navya-devineni-486373105/)
